> Here is troubleshooting during the nightmare-like configuration
>> You said nightmare two days ago? You have no idea what you will face in the next two days!
>> I May say it again during my profile next days
# My prerequisite
1. CMake 3.28.2
2. OneAPI 2021.12
> It's not identical to the README.md. Perhaps their environment can help, but I think most of the problem set below has nothing to do with the environment setting.(Maybe, I am newbie. Correct me if I am wrong)

# GOD! I die in the last step!
## GOD! I survive the bug!
* What I get is
  ```
  /usr/bin/ld: /home/brianlee/Documents/asc/OpenCAEPoro/petsc_solver/lib/libpetsc_solver.a(PETSC_FIM_solver.cpp.o): in function `FIM_solver_p_bamg':
  PETSC_FIM_solver.cpp:(.text+0x2648): undefined reference to `PCHYPRESetType'
  /usr/bin/ld: /home/brianlee/Documents/asc/OpenCAEPoro/petsc_solver/lib/libpetsc_solver.a(preSolver.cpp.o): in function `preSolver(_p_Mat*&, _p_Vec*&, _p_Vec*&, bool, int)':
  preSolver.cpp:(.text+0x1a5): undefined reference to `PCHYPRESetType'
  /usr/bin/ld: preSolver.cpp:(.text+0x1c7): undefined reference to `PCHYPRESetType'
  /usr/bin/ld: preSolver.cpp:(.text+0x2ed): undefined reference to `PCHYPRESetType'
  icpx: error: linker command failed with exit code 1 (use -v to see invocation)
  ```
* Analysis (takes almost one whole day) \
  All comes to the `libpetsc_solver.a`, generated by `petsc_solver`, a tool seemingly written by the competitors on their own(no further material on the Internet). \
  The errors all point to a function `PCHYPRESetType`, which can be found in `petsc-3.19.3/src/ksp/pc/impls/hypre/hypre.c`. (You can see the hypre here). So, the target file is already there, and the files in solver cannot find it. I believe it has something to do with the process of linking the `solver.a`, the only file generated in directory solver. \
  Therefore, I modified the `CMakelists.txt`. To-do is the PKG link is incorrect :( \
  Otherwise, it may be the problem in `petsc-3.19.3`
* Solution:
  * Just delete the comment in command line 
  * And modify the `CMakelists.txt` in `Solver`
* Lessons:
  * The last judgement is completely wrong.
  * `bin include lib obj tests`
    * bin has executable that can be directly used when 如果你正在开发的应用依赖于PETSc提供的某些工具或命令行界面
    * include gives out API needed (say, .h file)
    * lib is the library (.so or .a) that is needed if 你的应用主要是在代码层面集成PETSc的功能.
    * obj stores .o file after assemble, which helps the formation of include and lib
    * tests contains test examples